store: migration to proto (#4778)
tendermint/tendermint: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

  - [privval] \#4582 `round` in private_validator_state.json is no longer a string in json.
  - [script] \#4733 Transition Wal2json & json2Wal scripts to work with protobuf
  - [state] \#4679 `TxResult` is a protobuf type defined in `abci` types directory
  - [store] \#4778 Transition store module to protobuf encoding

>     - `BlockStateStoreJSON` is now `BlockStateStore` and is encoded as binary in the database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `BlockStoreStateJSON` is now `BlockStoreState` and is encoded as binary in the database
```
